Fix issues in ballerina package related learn pages (#1643)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/structuring-ballerina-code/working-with-ballerina-modules.md

The module names are derived by combining the package name and the directory name. E.g., If the directory name is `storage`, then the module name will be `winery.storage`. 

> Execute the `ballerina add model` command within the `winery` directory to add the `winery.model` module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `winery` directory and execute the `ballerina add model` command to add the `winery.model` module. 
```
